Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And seeing you guys in a while together.
Ateeq Dean: I know it's been a while now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the world has changed since we last met
Ateeq Dean: Oh, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: Live in with this. How is this changing the stress level the tension between you two. I mean, how can it not, oh yeah, all we got finger point. We got finger pointing. Yeah.
Ateeq Dean: I've been stressing out and
Ateeq Dean: The other day
Ateeq Dean: When this was all really new.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I, I've been snapping at her.
Ateeq Dean: You know, there's nothing better stuff and
Ateeq Dean: I'm going to calm down and it took a while. But I started to combat stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we get now a teak it's so interesting because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like a revelation for me to realize that this expression of your emotions. This sharing of a family history is not like it's not a norm for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really new. And in fact,
Gwenevere Abriel: Kara.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I saying it right yes it's you're like one of the first trusted people that he's been able to do that with. So this is all new new noon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I each time I hear, hey, this is the first time I'm kind of doing this, I have to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: This is new.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I take it for granted. I mean, you're an intelligent man And you know, I just think, Oh, surely, he's he's talking to people. I forget. Did you do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at Kara antique
Gwenevere Abriel: When she is scared and that covers anxious nervous and see worried. How does she express that worry
Ateeq Dean: Um, she feel usually tell me how she's feeling right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it nice to know what's going on in in her mind, kind of like what the
Ateeq Dean: Context, because I'm there to comfort her
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So you don't think she's a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: He thinks she's a loser.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you act out instead. And I call acting out it goes for a lot of our behavior will get passive aggressive will get snippy sniping snooty will get lot the right we'll, we'll kind of act out in some way instead of sharing how we're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: But I have to remember, that's not your cultural meaning in your family each each home is different. That's not the style that you were raised with you guys didn't share what's going on for you.
Ateeq Dean: Know maybe mean she's, she's seen how I kind of communicate with my family and we fight a lot, me and my sisters we do end to fight a lot and we don't really talk. We just like blah bad one another and we stopped for a while and then we'll talk like nothing happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you might notice over time. A teak that
Gwenevere Abriel: That that will change.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think once you really get the utility of a different way of communicating. I think that's going to be different with your sister and she might like it too. And you guys might start having a more direct communication, but let's come back to you too. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's make the most out of this time together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there's this undercurrent of uncertainty and one perspective could be
Gwenevere Abriel: Snow worse than any flu season. It could be the response globally in the context of a particular political environment, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be that that's the outcome of all of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me not that big a deal. And it's this global response.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't predict it, and neither can you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can make safeguards keep things sort of lots of hand washing and things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a teak. What is your fear. I'm most spent a lot of time here for turns out that you're able to compartmentalize this and kind of put it off to the side. I just kind of want to hear what it is, what's the the imagination that's going on in your head.
Ateeq Dean: I hear that I won't be around to raise my daughter. That's what scares me the most. I just want to be a part of her life. I don't want nothing to happen to me or to her mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your spiritual perspective of what you have named in the past is worrying the recipe to prediction. Let me say that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you worry about it enough, then you can change the outcome of your future.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm saying, hey, this is a tricky question. That's all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's see what he says to it.
Ateeq Dean: If I take a bit long enough, I can change the outcome on my future. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you worry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that I want you to worry
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm 23 hours out of the 24 hours to try not to eat. I see if you can skip some sleep. In fact, really get into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a paradoxical thing obviously I'm not very subtle. And in fact, if you do a little even almost 23 and a half hours of worrying. Do you think that that will prevent more test.
Gwenevere Abriel: No Why not
Ateeq Dean: I think when it's my time to go. I'll go, I can really
Ateeq Dean: Stop.
Ateeq Dean: Or anyone can really stop when is there time to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you see why it could be and Tara, you said, I've been telling us and telling us mention this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it might be a waste of your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be getting in the way of that right if you can say what I believe is
Gwenevere Abriel: When it's my time, then it's my time. Now when you say that, does that mean that there's it's predestined like it's already set like there's nothing you can do to change your environment.
Ateeq Dean: I feel like that.
Ateeq Dean: Okay, no, I what I imagine is me getting old.
Ateeq Dean: Okay, that's, you know, like living 100 years maybe plus that'd be awesome. But I have. I've always said I was little, you know, pictured getting old going now We did my sleep up nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we did it completely different today and I won't spend a lot of time on this, you can actually, I think you can see that it's a waste of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: To put energy into something that you actually have no control over. But what you could do is you could do this thing that you're not very rehearsed at is, you could look at your sweetheart. And you could say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I lost my dad to this, I lost. I had a loss, and I don't want to not be there for my own child that's sharing. Now that might not be your truth. I might be something I made up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's sharing that's putting a connection to why it might be so resistant, why even hearing from from Kara. Hey, he doing this it we've got other you know it won't get through, like, you're still so maybe busy worried worried worried
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't you look at her. Let's look at each other here because it's not just about the short term snipping we often times right or snippy and short tempered because we have something under underneath it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just as I'm talking with you now. Are you starting to think about something that maybe you want to share with her. Yes.
Ateeq Dean: I worry that if something happens to me and
Ateeq Dean: You would have to raise our daughter.
Ateeq Dean: I just worry that, you know, because when I would what my dad got really sick. He wasn't really there for me and it was time for me to kind of grow up and
Ateeq Dean: Kind of put on his shoes and work and go to school and take care of everything. While he was able to, I don't want her to go to
And that's what we're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear your question care. I just couldn't use drop in here.
Ateeq Dean: I asked him if that's what he was worried about with her growing up that she would really have
Ateeq Dean: I feel like he missed out a lot of his childhood and I asked him if that's what he's worried about with our daughter, if something happens to have if you feel she'll have to grow up too quickly and get a job. And how about the family and stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So you asked a clarification question and
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to looking at each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: So uh teak share with Cara yes or no, I think, I think you really understand what I'm talking about, just let her know. Yes. You understand what I'm talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and now Kara. Why don't you share with him, what your concerns are and they may be a different topic. Don't know.
Ateeq Dean: Concerns about the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it they can be on anything you want the, I don't want to steer that part. This can be on whatever you want. Just this is an opportunity if you want to, while I'm here.
Ateeq Dean: I want to get lost in your head and why and stuff like this box you down. So the time that we do have to get
Ateeq Dean: used to wearing searching sofa and watching videos about what can happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have our demo. Okay, tell him how you feel. So there's an emotion that happens when you see him spending his time searching
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, OK. Let's give him time to mirror that back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's going to be a take the structure and I'll review. Let me see if I got that right. You feel sad when I
Ateeq Dean: You feel sad when I worry and I watch all these videos of what's happening around the world. When we can just enjoy our time now. Yes.
Ateeq Dean: Okay, ask her if there's more. Is there anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's a different way to phrase it try it a little bit differently is a really invitation. Is there one
Ateeq Dean: Did I get that right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And is there more
Is there more
As we
Ateeq Dean: See, two to three, it's on your head, you have a hard time focusing on anything because I have noticed I'm talking to you. And then the next thing you say to me, don't have anything to do with what I said is, whatever your thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and let's get to the feeling. The reason why you bring this up to tell them how you feel when
Gwenevere Abriel: You sound.
Ateeq Dean: So I feel sad when you're consumed by these kind of negative thoughts. I feel like you kind of checked out of what we have going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can mirror some of that back critique. It was a lot. See what you can do.
Ateeq Dean: So what you said is that I get so consumed did my thoughts and the negative thoughts that I got going on. And when you talk to me. I
Ateeq Dean: Completely spaced out on what you told me, and I talked to you about something completely different. And that makes you sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of okay so
Ateeq Dean: In general, yeah. Little checked out into your head, not just when I'm talking to belly, you're just kind of in your own world.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you. All right, let's try a next level piece. So Tara did something really organically it right up front. When we first got here, and that is that she validated you she did something very naturally. She took history and story on her own.
Gwenevere Abriel: She said, Is this, is this about a miss childhood stuff she used information that she had on her own. She didn't mirror back you exact thing she said she did was called empathy validation. Okay. And you felt heard right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to do that for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you this. This is going to take some ownership. So a teak what I'd like you to do is, is try this. It's going to, I'm going to do some modeling of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you make it your own. Okay, so I'm going to make up a story. Some of it might work. Some of it will just be totally off base. So it might look like this. If Cara's here and I'm talking to her, and might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I kind of get what you're saying because
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually a lot of people have told me that I kind of look like I'm not even here when they've been talking to me and I've heard that from a few different people and I do I
Gwenevere Abriel: I have the ability to be sitting right here, but the way in the future of totally almost like out of my body and really not not present with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now I made that up. But that's taking my own history. It's not regurgitating being a mirror shouldn't say those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: She said, in general, right, you're kind of like not here are disconnected a camera her wording when you're when you're checked out you. It's like, in general, like when I'm talking to your kind of checked out in general.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I did was not mirror that back. I took my own personal experience, although fabricated
Gwenevere Abriel: And I let my sweetheart know Kara. She's not crazy. I know I imagine what you're seeing is this thing that I'm describing because other people have said it. And I kind of know that about myself. I listened to you sometimes Karen, I am, I'm busy, kind of in a fantasy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it. That's validation that's taking our own experience, and we're letting this person know you're not insane. What you're saying is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see if you can do it. Look at her and the piece was in general, I think it was in general, you're kind of checked out was that kind of yet.
Yeah.
Ateeq Dean: So in general, I checked out, but I am also listen to it might look like that. I'm my own little world, but a lot of the times, the way I feel is like I have so much on my mind.
Ateeq Dean: If I'm gonna lose my job, or if we're going to make a suit next month or, you know, like I've been really stressed out about all the food supplies and stuff going
Ateeq Dean: Like that. And I've been really worried about the baby food and stuff like that. So I just want to make sure that the baby to we get through this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the part, the part that's not working antique is your chance to find your behavior. You're almost there. You're so close. It would include something like you didn't say this part Carrie, you're right. I'm not present with you. I am worried I'm
Ateeq Dean: I feel like she's not
Ateeq Dean: I feel like I am present with her, but I still have those thoughts on my
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so tell me some of the things that she's, she's talked about you with
Ateeq Dean: Shield and I'll listen to her, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm asking. I'm asking. I'm asking. I'm checking. I'm calling your bluff right now.
Ateeq Dean: Okay, so we'll be talking me and her will be talking and I'll be listening to exactly what she said.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know what she said, I want to know what she said. I'm calling your bluff. Want to know what she said what she said she'll
Ateeq Dean: Tell me to repeat what I said. And I'll tell her exactly what she said until they call your listing. But how come you don't look at me and I tell her like I can multitask. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do a crappy job. You want to know why I know you do a crappy job because we all do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, I don't know if you remember, I haven't done any the MTR with you yet. It's typically when I get into working memory is we have this this this ability
Gwenevere Abriel: To. Let's say we can do, you know, four plus five divided by three. It means we can hold you know divided by means we hold a certain piece of information and we can do some mechanics with it. We can only hold a small chunk of information at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't hold different chunks like this. Well, yeah, so
Ateeq Dean: Well, that's why I got kind of defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: We all do it. We all do it, and
Ateeq Dean: Like I'm not, but it's my emotions. Doing it itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's that's that's that's just habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now maybe under a normal relationship someone that doesn't know you well I'm or isn't seeking intimacy, you can get away with that. But she wants to feel I'm guessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you care about what's being talked about and not half of it not half of your attention, which is true because the other half is in worry mode. Your whole you're having to force.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that other stuff you're distracted by these other pieces. You're not when she says you are not present. She's really on to a cool word because that's what's happening. You're not literally listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: To relate to validate to also offer comfort and support you not listening for that you're just doing the I'm going to listen to some of the words that will be able to measure those back if she asked me, I'll pass this quiz. That's not the same thing. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is handy is mirroring is and you know I always start with that. And I love it is very different than what she's looking for is maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: I want this, I want to be known and understood in this moment that I'm not going through this moment alone. It's a weird dynamic, but we need to know this other person we're talking to is really present with us. So yes, you'd like to think that you're good at multitasking.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it is, it isn't working. It hasn't isn't having me effect you want it to. She's not feeling heard and connected to you look checked out a teak you also have and I don't know if you've noticed this Kara. And I don't know if you're aware of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me start with you. How would you describe the way my tone moves. Do you know tone is like this would be
Gwenevere Abriel: It goes up and down. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm kind of animated on demonstrative it. I GOT MY PAWS out. I'm always kind of like all over. Yeah. So I'm very animated
Gwenevere Abriel: My, my voice does go it's high and then it can come down here and when I'm really, I want to slow down, I can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm very aware of my pitch my volume my rate of speech. I pay attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How would you describe yours.
Ateeq Dean: When I get defensive my speech goes up.
Ateeq Dean: When I'm calm and kind of I keep it level like that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what goes up tongue rate or
My tone.
Ateeq Dean: The speed that I talked to go. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tone up and speak. Can I hear it.
Ateeq Dean: Example,
Ateeq Dean: I'm not gonna say it too loud because the little one is sleeping.
Okay, so here's one where I'm yeah
Ateeq Dean: I told you to be up this morning I bought this building and you didn't get up with the hell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Start my little
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so pretty close. Kara.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Right. Yeah, I'll be the volume is up higher. So there's a rate of speech that goes up the prosody, we might say that goes up and down, up and down goes, it goes up higher. And there's a higher volume, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about your empathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's a tone of a love comfort level, use the word comfort you know the word comfort. Right.
Ateeq Dean: Um, I did what I noticed, I don't know if it's empathy, but I just noticed, like what I know at her, she'll throw back at me. So all sudden we're ballplayer bad rating. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty common, but I'm really asking specifically about how you modulate your tone rate of speech and the volume when you're trying to show someone care. Do you know how to modulate that way.
Ateeq Dean: I do, I do. Oh, when we, when we talk and when were you know, in a moment of connection. I'll refer back and just look at her and talk to her. Ensure that I am president. Okay.
So,
Ateeq Dean: Predators, and he does talk a little bit quieter and maybe a little bit faster than his normal
Ateeq Dean: Tone like the way he normally talks. When you start
Gwenevere Abriel: quieter and faster. Yeah. Okay. So let me try it a different way. And I think you're noticing what I'm getting at. I'm not subtle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I am
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you're talking to your baby I seek
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear you talk to the baby. Can I hear how you would talk to her.
Ateeq Dean: I make a bunch of sounds like oh yeah oh my god I love your little baby no
Ateeq Dean: No go like that and do things with my hands. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's called queueing
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, cool. You come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And out just. This is one of the
Gwenevere Abriel: First ones I've ever heard you raise the pitch of your voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kara. Did you hear it.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, that's basically the only time with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one I'm talking about. This is going to be a shocker for you to take, believe it or not, we adults.
Gwenevere Abriel: We like that sound to the same way this. Oh, does your body wellness nutrition yoga a boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, we like it as little tiny tots.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it says this is safe, high pitch sounds. This is not one of your stuff. This is this is science.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is science are hiding pitched voices and
Gwenevere Abriel: What they do to a little infant is it says it's safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now just imagine that that becomes a norm. So now, a growling tiger. A girl sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has been threat has been danger for as long as we've been alive and it's just out there in the animal kingdom. Like, this is how it works. Right. That growl deep sound means danger. So take that moving into adulthood.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not that much different.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, we're not. So when we go, you know what, so if I said to take care of.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, see my voice just went up I exaggerated it, but when I listened to a to do you know that I don't hear it. I don't hear porosity, I hear this.
Ateeq Dean: It takes a long time to anybody. It really when we first got together. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do, baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby
Ateeq Dean: Boys. I do.
Ateeq Dean: I do it the way I'm talking now it's like Monday.
Ateeq Dean: Relax boys me mean her
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be convenient to know that if she would agree, she just walked away to get the baby. But if she comes back, we might want to ask her.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do that, because I've never seen you do it, really. And typically, yeah. You have a very unique style.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it can not match the content.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't like it's confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless they really know super, super, super subtle sounds. That's why I asked you to make the sound. The cooling sound with the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Girl.
What a cutie patootie.
Ateeq Dean: Else now.
Okay.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Hello.
Exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm Kara. Can you still hear me, yes I do you find that when he's trying to show you, compassion comfort and care that he uses
Gwenevere Abriel: prosody, which is that cooing those higher pitches because you said it was quieter and faster, but you didn't say that he had that pitch change like he does with the cooling the baby.
Ateeq Dean: I don't know. I don't think so. Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: So a tikka saying he does have it. He says, I do.
Ateeq Dean: Oh, don't example out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ateeq Dean: What we find is if you don't love me.
Ateeq Dean: And that go back and forth and I'll be out no bad, but I love you. I love you so much and you and that's where my tone of voice will change to a higher pitch and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I heard it right there in the note. I've heard. I've heard it up there. Once I heard it on the note, baby, I love you and then it came back down. Does this seem just completely insane that I'm bringing this up to you and take
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I never noticed that.
Ateeq Dean: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but it's kind of a neat thing. It's just one more way that we communicate
Gwenevere Abriel: And why not use all of the angles that we can, we have our body posture. We can have an open posture. We can have eye contact.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can have a little tilted head and we can we can use the tone of our voice and the volume and the rate to send the message, no baby I do love you know i i do love, you know, baby, I love you. Yeah, it sounds
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't, it isn't always what we say it's how we say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I want to empower you with this piece of information. Now, right now, my guess is a big piece of it may be unconscious. All this is doing is saying there's other levels. And if you want to explore explore it further.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might might have something to do with that she's not feeling connected
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you're busy doing two things at once. Number one, you won't be grayed out at one of them's going to suffer probably both of them are going to suffer and the person that you're trying to reassure and comfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're probably going to be doing that monotone sound and they're not going to feel it and you may seem checked out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about how hard it is. I'm having to really define it and and explicitly describe this change in tone, but I couldn't do my job. If I didn't have the ability to modulate how I talk to see how my breath is different. It says, doesn't it say I care.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's different, isn't it then. Well, you know, that's just the way it is. You know, it's just this different is a different vibration
Gwenevere Abriel: With the tone is different. So a teak. The goal is to give you another place for you to play with different communication. You probably got this particular style somewhere along the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kara. When you look at his family of origin, have you seen that anywhere else where it's it's it's sort of a norm to be able to talk in a monotone way have you seen it anywhere else and his family of origin anywhere.
Ateeq Dean: His dad talks like that. But I don't know how it was before either has died on vacation.
Ateeq Dean: A lot of times if you want. This is the thing we have to with interrupting and kind of if you want to talk and his family. You need to yell over the other person that's talking
Ateeq Dean: So that's been a thing with us and recently I've like hello you interrupted me, excuse me, and it's normal for him. Like, and I had my sister pointed it out. He's like, he interrupted.
Ateeq Dean: And I was like, I, at that point, I didn't even notice anymore. But then I started noticing again and then his sisters do it if you want to talk, you have to interrupt. Somebody I feel like especially when I'm talking to sisters. I can't get a word in edgewise. Like they just
Ateeq Dean: When I was younger, my dad did a lot of mechanics and older cars.
Ateeq Dean: Everyone I will talk to him who would be working on something and talking to me and I felt like he didn't this hear me and I will tell him that he did you hear me and he's like, No, I heard you. And he would repeat back to me. So I feel like I picked that up to a lot of times
Ateeq Dean: He really, you know, I didn't feel like he heard he heard the words like me, you know,
Yeah, so I feel like that's where a lot of that.
List.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we've got on all the fancy terms are all lovely and good
Gwenevere Abriel: But we, you know, if a if we don't know that we're doing it, it can continue
Gwenevere Abriel: And not knowing how to replace it with something else. If it's foreign like I don't know how to replace it. How do I show connection, that kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: For now for a take if you want to play with something new. It would be
Gwenevere Abriel: To actually watch her face. So we watch aspect. This is called aspect. So you can see mine right you'll be able to, you could probably label how I'm feeling what based on
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably just a couple of things. Just right in here on my eyes. Okay. So right now, why don't you see how I might be feeling
Ateeq Dean: Annoyed
Gwenevere Abriel: I look at my, look at my mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's tomorrow. Marky Mark
Gwenevere Abriel: Mark watch my breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I could turn away if I turn away from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you just lost your audience. Oh, so if you start to pay attention to her aspect you want. Remember we communicate
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a message received
Gwenevere Abriel: When she says to you, something like I am not feeling very love these days. I'm not feeling very connected
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to get a message of no babe. I love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, do you know whose job it is to communicate.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the, the one talking
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't think that we think, can you just, it's your problem. You know, we've got to try it a different way. Try another way, try another way, if I want to send a message.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do love you. I do love you. You're right. Right now, I was distracted and I was worrying. My mind was half here. I was distracted by these other things. I don't want to do it that way. I want to show you right now. I'm completely present
Gwenevere Abriel: But you may not know you're doing that, that dual awareness thing if you're not watching her face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can't watch her face when your eyes are somewhere else and you're working on a car in a sense we have to be looking
Gwenevere Abriel: At them. We've got to be connected. And you might get some information from her face, whether you're having the message received the way you intended it if the message is no babe, I do love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to look on her face and see if it was received the way you intended it for face might be a really good way to find out if you are spaced out because
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not feeling it. Let's say you look at her face. You know what I see. You look like you. I'm not present. So let me, let me see if I've got anything else on my mind and I do I'm, I'm so distracted by what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Kara, even if he said that if he owned in the moment that he was distracted without feel like he's being honest and connecting with you in a real way. Yeah, I'd be better.
Knows what's going on so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, to know that a teak we don't always know that we're trying to run problem solving for the 10 things all the balls in the air that we have. We don't. Sometimes we don't realize that we're doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the people in our lives can remind us that we're not connecting with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't have to be defensive over it you can just say you're. This is one of those times, you're right. I'm going to put that aside.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll think about our worries on the pressures in a few minutes. But for now, what's going on for you, Kara. You just tuned in to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: So pay attention to her aspect and remember the job is for you to get your message across. So you could check your own eye contact. You could check your tone of voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can kind of check your mind and see if you've got other things going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, this other piece that that you're describing about the yelling over. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so interesting. You do that. That's such an interesting technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm watching it played with in business. It's actually quite an effective one to bulldoze you just keep talking. And eventually, the person will just stop. They'll just shush, and right it is effective.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, uh, so what have you tried to do carrot to interrupt that when you are interrupted it let's say you're having you're talking
Gwenevere Abriel: From a writer and he interrupts you. What have you done to try to solve that disruption.
Ateeq Dean: Hey you interrupted me. I wasn't done
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. And what does he do
Ateeq Dean: Either. Oh, sorry. If, then, after that, though. I feel like he's not listening. He's thinking about where he wants to say it was or what I say.
Ateeq Dean: The principle of it like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right, we can tear. Did I ever show you that list to take. Are you there in that group and I had a whole list and you just described. One of them, which is we're
Gwenevere Abriel: We're thinking about our response. We're not actually listening to what someone saying we're storing up our great ideas about what we're about to say. As soon as you shush.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you end up seeing that list.
Ateeq Dean: Um, it was going one day, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now wasn't Monday was a few weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a pretty cool.
Ateeq Dean: Thank you all. I usually I'm usually hear me. Was it the list with all 50 of those yesterday model I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know this one, I think there were 12 ways barriers to listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know what, that's one of them.
Ateeq Dean: I think I missed that one.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I think I missed that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you probably identify with a few of those on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you guys already have the skills necessary for this part, if you are already a team able to tolerate being told hey you interrupted me I'm not done.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can tolerate that. That's a huge step in your favor because you could get pissed off and storm out and rant and rave over just that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so to your credit okay care that is a plus. He can he can tolerate the redirection now unfortunately he doesn't hear that you want to feel heard,
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't get that he's just like, Okay. Well, that just means I have to store in my working memory on my list. And so all he's doing is thinking about that. And he's not listening to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's going to think about his list, remember something about working memory can't hold on to too much at a time and he doesn't want to forget his good list.
Gwenevere Abriel: It so
Gwenevere Abriel: Antique she's not going to feel heard, when you're thinking about what you want to say you're not going to be able to show compassion and care. None of us knew it, we can't do it. I mean, I can pull it off because I'm like good at those times. I like worked at it because I have to.
Ateeq Dean: Feel like I really was listening and I, but I see where you are coming from. You're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The total looking at her. So the way you say things does matter.
Ateeq Dean: And I didn't. I guess I got so you know clicking away from it. I didn't really see how I was acting myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's get back really far as if it was us looking at Planet Earth. Okay, why do we bother getting married. Why do we bother. Is it so we can be right so that we can really finally someone and be like, Yeah, I've got good evidence for how smart I am and now valuable. No, we don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get together because it feels good to be known to be seen.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, believe it or not, it's just this
Gwenevere Abriel: Containing is the reason why therapy for some people can feel so good because guess what I don't do I don't make it about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's my therapy feels like this, you're the baby. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's gonna be okay. And I remind you of how lovable and good and kind. You're okay right there right that we get together with someone, so we can feel seen and loved
Don't forget that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be right and have your facts and your ducks together in five minutes and I'm telling you, it can go really fast when the person that comes to you in a need an emotional need if we give them what they need, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: You have my undivided attention. I love you and I'm gonna show you that you're important to me. Guess what they feel better and off they go. Karen needs to know she's okay to love them and then off she goes. And then guess what
Gwenevere Abriel: You can start fixating on all your little stuff that you want to pray about now I have my opinion about your list some of it might be a little more or less productive to put your energy into but that's just my opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: But as far as the connection between each other. That's why we're here. We want that. We want that, like, hold that space for me for a moment. Just see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't get it to either. You didn't have a dad that could do it. He was half present and then because of psychiatric illness again was another half present
Ateeq Dean: You know, I missed out on that.
Ateeq Dean: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Critique it's going to be hard for you to give that to care because she didn't have the modeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I'm being very explicit about describing the tone of voice, giving you an example of that tone that you use with your, with your little girl, you can actually
Ateeq Dean: Use
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of it with her with your wife. Okay, you can use that. So same thing. It's, you don't want to be condescending.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll, you'll find your balance, you know, and you can say that seems phony. I mean, I want to show tenderness in my tone of voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try one. My next client isn't here yet. Let's just see if we can do one. See if you can get the COO pitch doesn't have to be quite quite as much. But, see if you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, babe. I do love you something in there. Just, just let her know
Ateeq Dean: I do love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's find out what did you think care such a
Gwenevere Abriel: dork. But, but was it didn't draw you in even a little bit more than the monotone
Gwenevere Abriel: And we made a joke. We were saying it might be over the top, as we're rehearsing but I kind of liked it. In the first part of it. I thought it actually sounded really good like the first part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, then it got kind of silly, but the first part, I was, I was kind of like, oh, that sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would that be like a team to to remember that the same kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Voice that you use with your baby. You could actually use to let let her know hey I do love you and I'm here and everything's gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To offer that reassurance, even at first, it feels a little artificial
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys, create the space to, hey, she can say
Gwenevere Abriel: That, that seems a little over the top.
Ateeq Dean: Can you hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Yes.
Ateeq Dean: I'll work on it. I see that I've been like this, but I didn't do something I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've known I've known that for a while and taken didn't really know kind of where I was going to enter the conversation. So it just happened organically and here
I'm usually
Ateeq Dean: It's hard for me when I say it's hard for me to open up I've opened up to you because you've heard my voice. I don't do that with people. I don't know. I'm using monotone, he doesn't do anybody. No, I don't.
Ateeq Dean: But she's seen
My home.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think you are going to benefit from the connection to it take, it's not just for the people that are listening, even in our voice when we open up that that space for
Gwenevere Abriel: For the different tone. I think you're going to feel connection to might be a little distancing thing that you're doing through the way you speak, you're sending the message I
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't really care. So therefore, watch. I'm not going to get hurt by you either if I don't show you I care. Why then, you can't hurt me either. I won't be let down. I don't have any expectation for even this conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is this is that sort of unconscious stuff I'm no in no way am I saying you're doing this on purpose, but it has a purpose. You understand we humans we do things for a reason. Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: My ears really bad this morning. Um, anyway. You guys are amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: When do you want to meet again for whether it's individual or meeting together a
Ateeq Dean: Couple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Ateeq Dean: See what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'd be going into April.
Ateeq Dean: And April going is probably the last month I'll have my insurance.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I am going to try to see what they do. I don't think I'll get it back because working and they're going to see all that
Ateeq Dean: It's for people who are working really
Ateeq Dean: Another question. I know you have to go
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not here. Yes.
Ateeq Dean: Good good on the agreement everything, but I was going to see before my insurance goes up. I was going to see if there's a way you guys can increase a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't go like that. This is what it would look like this is what it would look like that would be unethical. But the number of days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember we have people just now that had to leave the state and the very last second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before they left the state the boxes are packed been leaning up against the wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been able to meet with them and then they get a 30 day prescription. Now, that gives you time to go find a medical provider that is something that you can afford.
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes me sad that that might be the case.
Ateeq Dean: I know I feel so bad to that like made me really sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so you're sure that the insurance that your company is offering
Ateeq Dean: Assurances terrible, she added, because we used to work together.
Okay.
Ateeq Dean: I had, I was paying $150 a month and I had crazy high, it was when I was pregnant. I had crazy high co pays. And it was just
Ateeq Dean: It's horrible. It's really it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, almost like half not having 100 basically okay okay um
Ateeq Dean: I like I like the insurance. I kind of want to see how much it would be to see if I can get maybe an independent insurance and see how much that would be just
Gwenevere Abriel: What and so you've been in here a little while I'm guessing. Don't just let us go. Consider like variations of it like a modification, like maybe once a month, you might meet for a group, maybe once a month, you might meet for individual therapy or whether you want to do the couples work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Ateeq Dean: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I, I'm not the only one, making that decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your physician also would participate in that discussion, but first magical, find out what the product actually looks like. What this insurance. What it at what the payments might be. Maybe there's another package, they have
Gwenevere Abriel: That you might like better, make sure you connect with the folks that at virtual clinic. They care navigators because maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: There's an insurance that they accept or products are like there's a little very in some things. This is not my expertise to go to some kind of special training for that. And I don't know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, um, I think you're doing some good work. Because when you first started tapering was just like, this is not going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're you're doing it, you're, you're facing the scary stuff and
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think I thought I would like you to stay if you can possibly pull
Ateeq Dean: It off.
Gwenevere Abriel: To so so you get some information. I'll put something
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't make it just made me think that we may not want until April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Since you're not going to have a lot of service time left.
Ateeq Dean: They gave me a date, April 20 is the cutoff time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Okay, so then it's not going to be the first. So let's go to go to a Wednesday and let's see if we can do this same timing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing I don't think I do. So we want to do 10am yeah okay
Ateeq Dean: What date was it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, APRIL, APRIL 1
Ateeq Dean: April 1. Yeah. Okay. Well, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Know. Is there any medication bridge to today, show me messaging, the doctor and they are you good
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, fantastic. Alright. So the takeaway right watch her face watch each other's face because we're both a part of that right and
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I'm trying to get a message across. And they look defensive, they look angry. They look irritated for them, something went sideways. Let me try again. And I take you have a chance to check tone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, you can go ya know what, go up. Notice I just went up, you know, a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I was a little distracted. Just now I was half listening to you. I want to turn my full attention to tell me again, what's going on here, my time. Do you see what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm saying, and I'm owning I was distracted.
Okay, and give full attention. See if it feels different. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see you guys in for first, if not the to communicate with me, send me texts and emails about anything around the financial peace, feel free to stay connected with me around that. Right.
Ateeq Dean: Have a good day. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see you later.